New developer docs:  TripalFieldFormatter, pagers and creating field instances. (#780)
tripal/tripal: docs/dev_guide/custom_field/create_instance.rst

Attach Fields to Content Types
==============================
In summary, creation of a new field requires creation of three classes that inherit from the ``TripalField``, ``TripalFieldWidget`` and ``TripalFieldFormatter`` base classes.  If the fields are created correctly and placed in the ``includes/TripalFields`` directory of your module then Tripal will automatically find them.  However, the field is not yet attached to any content type. They must be attached.  Fields can be attached programmatically or via the online Drupal interface by a site admin. 

The hook_bundle_field_info() function
-------------------------------------

>  The three TripalField classes simply define how the field will function, but Drupal does not yet know about the field.  The ``hook_bundle_field_info`` function tells Drupal about your field. It must be implemented in a custom Drupal module,and provides an array that tells Drupal about the fields and the classes to use for the field.  Suppose we were creating a field named ``obi__genus`` which displays the Genus for a species and we have a custom module named ``tripal_org2``.  The hook function would be named ``tripal_org2_bundle_field_info()``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The three TripalField classes simply define how the field will function, but Drupal does not yet know about the field.  The ``hook_bundle_field_info`` function tells Drupal about your field. It must be implemented in a custom Drupal module, and provides an array that tells Drupal about the fields and the classes to use for the field.  Suppose we were creating a field named ``obi__genus`` which displays the Genus for a species and we have a custom module named ``tripal_org2``.  The hook function would be named ``tripal_org2_bundle_field_info()``:
```

typo (module,and).

I also notice we dont bring up the libraries option...

.. code-block:: php
  :linenos:

  function tripal_org2_bundle_field_info($entity_type, $bundle) {
    $info = [];
    
    // Make sure this bundle is an organism (OBI:0100026) then we'll attach our 
    // field to display the genus.
    $term = tripal_load_term_entity(array('term_id' => $bundle->term_id));
    $term_accession = $term->vocab->vocabulary . '__' . $term->accession;
    if ($term_accession == 'OBI:0100026') {
      $field_name = 'obi__genus';
      $field_type = 'obi__genus';
      $info[$field_name] = [
        'field_name' => $field_name,
        'type' => $field_type,
        'cardinality' => 1,
        'locked' => FALSE,
        'storage' => [
          'type' => 'field_chado_storage',
        ],
        'settings' => [],
      ];
   }
    
    return $info
  }
  

> This function receives as it's second argument the ``$bundle``. This is the bundle that Drupal is requesting new fields for.  For this example we only want to attach the field if the content type is the organism content type.  The format of the returned ``$info`` array should have the field name as the key and an array that follows the instructions provided by Drupal's `field_create_field() <https://api.drupal.org/api/drupal/modules%21field%21field.crud.inc/function/field_create_field/7.x>`_ function. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function receives as its second argument the ``$bundle`` object. This is the bundle that Drupal is requesting new fields for.  For this example we only want to attach the field if the content type is the organism content type.  The format of the returned ``$info`` array should have the field name as the key and an array that follows the instructions provided by Drupal's `field_create_field() <https://api.drupal.org/api/drupal/modules%21field%21field.crud.inc/function/field_create_field/7.x>`_ function. 
```

#### typos
it's
#### suggestions

bundle -> bundle object

          'chado_table' => 'organism',
          'chado_column' => 'genus',
          'base_table' => 'organism',
          'term_accession' => '0000005',
          'term_vocabulary' => 'TAXRANK',
          'term_name' => 'Genus',
        ],
        'widget' => [
          'type' => 'obi__genus_widget',
          'settings' => [
            'display_label' => 1,
          ),
        ],
        'display' => [
          'default' => [
            'label' => 'inline',
            'type' => 'obi__genus_formatter',
            'settings' => [],
          ],
        ],
      ];
    }
    return $info;
  }
  
The format of the returned ``$info`` array should have the field name as the key and an array that follows the instructions provided by Drupal's `field_create_instance() <https://api.drupal.org/api/drupal/modules%21field%21field.crud.inc/function/field_create_instance/7.x>`_ function. 

Unique to this info array are the settings related to Chado.  Because we expect our data to be loaded from Chado we must specify these settings:

 - ``base_table``: the name of the base table to which the record will be associated. In our case the ``organism`` table of Chado is the base table.

>  - ``chado_table``: the name of the actual table form which the value of the field will be loaded or saved to.  In our case the ``organism`` table is also the ``chado_table``.  

Reviewer: I ALWAYS found this confusing.  Can we please elaborate on the case where base table != chado_table ?

Maybe a ..note directieve after this:

```rst
.. note

   When does the chado_table not match the base_table?  Consider the contact linker field when attached to an organism.  In this case, the base table is the  contact field, and the chado table is the organism_contact table
```
I'm actually not even 100% sure about that since i still find it confusing hahah

When the site administrator navigates to **Administer > Structure > Tripal Content Types**, clicks on a content type, and then the **manage fields** tab, a link appears at the top titled **Checkfor new fields**.  When that link is clicked, this hook function is called.  

.. note::

  Both hook functions must be properly constructed for the field to be automatically attached to the content type.
  
Allowing Manual Attachment of Fields
------------------------------------
Not all fields are created equal.  Some field can be added by the site developer to a bundle and some cannot.  When the ``TripalField`` class is implemented for a class the ``$no_ui`` parameter is set to indicate if a field can be added via the web interface or not.  See the :doc:`manual_field_creation` page for more details. But in short the following setting does not allow a field to be added using the web interface

.. code-block::  php

 public static $no_ui = FALSE;
 
The following setting will allow the field to be added:

.. code-block::  php

 public static $no_ui = TRUE;

> Next, we must let Drupal know that our field exists.  We do this by adding an entry to the ``$info`` array of in the ``hook_bundle_field_info()`` function described above.  This let's Drupal know about our field. However, because we are not programmatically creating an instance of the field on a content type, but allowing the user to create them we do not need to implement the ``hook_bundle_instance_info()`` function. Instead, we must implement the ``hook_bundle_create_user_field()``.  This function is called when the user attempts to add our new field to a bundle.  One field that comes with Tripal is the ``chado_linker__prop`` field.  Most Chado base tables have an associated property table (e.g. ``organismprop``, ``featureprop``, ``stockprop``, etc). By default, the ``tripal_chado`` module automatically adds this field to all bundles that have existing properties. It adds a new instance for every propert type.  However, new properties can be added to bundle, and the site admin may want to add those properties via the user interface rather. Therefore, this field has the `$no_ui` set to TRUE and uses the  ``hook_bundle_create_user_field()`` to create the new field instnace for the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, we must let Drupal know that our field exists.  We do this by adding an entry to the ``$info`` array of in the ``hook_bundle_field_info()`` function described above.  This lets Drupal know about our field. However, because we are not programmatically creating an instance of the field on a content type, but allowing the user to create them we do not need to implement the ``hook_bundle_instance_info()`` function. Instead, we must implement the ``hook_bundle_create_user_field()``.  This function is called when the user attempts to add our new field to a bundle.  One field that comes with Tripal is the ``chado_linker__prop`` field.  Most Chado base tables have an associated property table (e.g. ``organismprop``, ``featureprop``, ``stockprop``, etc). By default, the ``tripal_chado`` module automatically adds this field to all bundles that have existing properties. It adds a new instance for every property type.  However, new properties can be added to bundle, and the site admin may want to add those properties via the user interface rather. Therefore, this field has the ``$no_ui`` set to TRUE and uses the  ``hook_bundle_create_user_field()`` to create the new field instance for the user.
```

#### typos

let's -> lets
propert
instnace
``$no_ui`` needs double `
